Introduction:
The generated models in front of you are the primary brain structures/groups associated with certain anxiety responses. There are six of them, with various other clear brain structures around for spatial context. For visual aid, selectable structures on the right side have been replaced with small spheres. On a larger scale, the structures have also been projected around you, so that you are placed at the centre of the brain. Any selections within the miniature brain will be reflected upon the large brain. Press the 'Continue' button below to proceed.

Selecting structures:
You will now be able to select any of the six structures within the miniature brain. To select one, simply wave the white line attached to your controller inside of the desired structure and press the trigger button with your index finger. A white outline will appear around the structure to show that it is being targeted, and will become thicker when it has in fact been selected with the controller trigger. The corresponding structure on the left side of the brain will also become highlighted. After selection, text will appear above the brain with the name of the structure, and a short description.

Subsystems:
Within the brain, there are subsystems of connections which are associated with various anxiety responses. Small, spherical, colour-coded pips will appear above the name of the selected structure, denoting which subsystems it belongs to. Subsystems will be explained in greater detail later.

Structure completion:
After the first structure is selected, a list will appear to the left of the brain. This list contains all structures that have been previously selected. You must view all structures and read their descriptions before moving on to the next step.

Selecting connections:
After all structures have been selected and read, the structure list will disappear. The text above the brain will be replaced with a list of connections associated with the selected structure that are going to and coming from other structures. To select these connections and read their descriptions, simply point the white line attached to your controller towards the list of connections like a laser pointer, and press thr trigger button with your index finger. A white outline will appear around the connection name to show that it is being targeted, and will become thicker when it has in fact been selected with the controller trigger. After selection, description of the selected connection will appear above the brain.

Colour coded connections:
After selection, the corresponding connection line within the brain will become highlighted, as well as the respective other structure that is connected to the selected structure. Both the connection line and the other structure will be highlighted with colour(s) that correspond to the connection subsystem that the connection belongs to (the other structure will be highlighted in white if the connection belongs to many subsystems).

Connection completion:
After the first connection is selected, a list will appear to the left of the brain. This list contains all the subsystems that have at least one viewed connection. Each subsystem is colour coded, as seen previously. Below the name of each subsystem, a small progress bar denotes what percentage of connections from that particular subsystem have been viewed. You must view all connections and read their descriptions before completing the system.

Conclusion:
Congratulations! You have now viewed all structures and all connections. You may continue to select structures and connections at will.